Action points (TODOs) from meeting 2025/07/01

- Mirrors: print the mirror triangular base once the filament arrives and test orientation. 
Reiterate print design. Goal: having two printed pieces to hold the mirrors

- Psychometric curves: focus on the visual stimulus ratio for now, and look not only
at the lapses but also at the other coefficients (bias and slope), and how they differ
between animals and evolve with time. Compare the visual with the auditory (the auditory
is more stable, but for now there is less data).√

- Use a the logarithm value on the x axis for better fits √

- In all modeling, scale the regressors to the same scale so that the coefficients are comparable. √

- Start experimenting with measures for how much explanatory power each regressor has.
Here we need to be careful as some regressors might covary. Explore different methods to
account for this. I did a very quick check with ChatGPT and this is the suggestion:
https://chatgpt.com/share/6864d511-00cc-8011-9996-9ae0a1e4321e
It might improve with a better prompt, but it looks like a good plan for now. √(filter the variables by calculate correlations and hierarchical partitioning)

- A few regressors to explore: previous correct answer, previous choice of the animal,
and port where the animal comes from. Explore first the correlations of these regressors.
For example, in correct trials, the three of them should be the same.√

- Psychometric for auditory. Test using log value of the evidence strength.
Reduce a bit the number of bins to make it less noisy in the middle. Explore other
properties of the cloud of tones, and the impact they have on decisions. For instance,
several tones can sound simultaneously in the same timebin. One question is:
are mice affected more by the total number of tones, or by the total number of timebins
with some evidence?
Something else you can try here: to explore the differential effects of each timebin
e.g. does the first timebin matter more than the last? You can fit temporal kernels
(also GLMs) to the animals choices. Your timebins will be your regressors (0 or 1 if they
contain evidence; or you can make it continuous using the % or number of tones that
appear in that timebin;√(I don't know if I understand time kernel correctly) 
or calculate the evidence strength in each timebin by comparing the two sides). (I think this is what Alexis did)
Then you can compare the coefficients. Another thing to  test here is the effects of the loudness, 
which you could also incorporate in your model. This will help us understand how mice are using 
the stimulus. We can discuss this if this is confusing as there is a lot in here :)

- Psychometric plots in session_summary_figure. Make them work for the different possibilities.
We can allocate some time today if you wish to think about the best way to code this.